Document JSON rendering behavior for durations (#2262)
tenzir/vast: docs/cli/vast-export-json.md

The JSON export format renders events in newline-delimited JSON (aka.
[JSONL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON_streaming#Line-delimited_JSON)).

> By default, durations render as human-readable strings with up to two decimal
> places and a unit, e.g., `2.31s` or `24.1ms`. The option `--numeric-durations`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, durations render as human-readable strings rounded up to two decimal
digits and a unit, e.g., `2.31s` or `24.1ms`. The option `--numeric-durations`
```

Reviewer 2: "rounded up" can be taken quite literal.

Reviewer: What is the issue with this?

Aside from it, we should say simply "rounded to..." without "up".

Author: Isn't "decimal places" correct over "decimal digits"? I've never heard the latter.

Reviewer: I think "place" is indeed more common. Personally, I find "digit" more visual and easier to grasp, but then this doesn't matter if "decimal place" is the common expectation.

Consider my feedback on this as discarded.

causes VAST to render durations as numbers instead, representing the time in

> nanoseconds since the UNIX epoch.

Reviewer 2: This sounds wrong to me. If the value is already a duration we have a start point already, replacing that with epoch doesn't make sense.

Author: Eh, brain fart moment, that's how we'd render timestamps. You saw nothing!
